Masking st (#4261)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/redis.md

---
id: redis
title: Redis Source Template
sidebar_label: Redis
description: Learn about the Sumo Logic Redis source template for OpenTelemetry.
---

<head>
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex" />
</head>

<p><a href="/docs/beta"><span className="beta">Beta</span></a></p>

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<img src={useBaseUrl('/img/integrations/databases/redis.png')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="100"/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/otel-color.svg')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="30"/>

> Redis source template creates an OpenTelemetry configuration that can be pushed to a remotely managed OpenTelemetry collector (abbreviated as otelcol). By creating this source template and pushing the config to the appropriate OpenTelemetry agent you can ensure collection of your redis logs to Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Redis source template creates an OpenTelemetry configuration that can be pushed to a remotely managed OpenTelemetry collector (abbreviated as otelcol). By creating this source template and pushing the config to the appropriate OpenTelemetry agent, you can ensure collection of your redis logs to Sumo Logic.
```

		
## Fields creation in Sumo Logic for Local File

If not already present, the following [Fields](/docs/manage/fields/) are created as part of source template creation.

- **`sumo.datasource`**. Fixed value of **localfile**.

> - **`deployment.environment`** User configured field at the time of collector installation. This identifies the environment where the host resides. For example: dev, prod or qa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`deployment.environment`**. This is a user-configured field set at the time of collector installation. It identifies the environment where the host resides, such as `dev`, `prod`, or `qa`.
```

- **`db.cluster.name`**. User configured. Enter a uniquely identifiable name for your redis server cluster to show in the Sumo Logic dashboards.
- **`db.node.name`**. Includes the value of the hostname of the machine which is being monitored.
		
## Prerequisites
		
### For logs collection
import LogsCollectionPrereqisites from '../../../../reuse/apps/logs-collection-prereqisites.md';

<LogsCollectionPrereqisites/>
		
## Source template configuration
		

> You can follow the below steps to set a remotely managed OpenTelemetry collector and push the source template to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the below steps to set a remotely managed OpenTelemetry collector and push the source template to it.
```

		
### Step 1: Set up remotely managed OpenTelemetry collector
		
import CollectorInstallation from '../../../../reuse/apps/opentelemetry/collector-installation.md';
		
<CollectorInstallation/>
		
### Step 2: Configure the source template
		

> In this step, you will configure the yaml required for Local File Collection.
> 		
> Below are the inputs required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, you will configure the yaml required for Local File Collection. Below are the inputs required:
```

		
- **Name**. Name of the source template.
- **Description**. Description for the source template.
- **Fields/Metadata**. You can provide any customer fields to be tagged with the data collected. By default sumo tags _sourceCategory with the value otel/redis
- **File Path**. Provide the file which needs to be read by OpenTelemetry agent. You can provide path to multiple files by adding new entry to it.
- **DenyList**. Provide path expression describing the files to be excluded.

import OtelLogAdvanceOption from '../../../../reuse/apps/opentelemetry/logs-advance-option-otel.md';

<OtelLogAdvanceOption/>

> **Processing Rules** - **Processing Rules** -  You can add processing rules for logs collected. To learn more, refer to [Processing Rules](../processing-rules/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Processing Rules**. You can add processing rules for logs collected. To learn more, refer to [Processing Rules](../processing-rules/index.md).
```
